Card, Column: Add support for full height (#1285)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/warm-terms-film.md

---
'braid-design-system': patch
---

---
updated:
  - Columns
  - Column
---

**Column:** Support full height content

> Provides support for full height content by growing the all `Column` elements to be uniform in height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide support for full height content by growing all `Column` elements to be uniform in height.
```
